JENKINS-60994 added documentation for top/stage level agents nuance (#2853)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/pipeline/syntax.adoc

| In the top-level `pipeline` block and each `stage` block.
|===

[[differences-between-top-and-stage-level]]
===== Differences between top and stage level Agents

There are some nuances when adding an agent to the top level or a stage level, and this when the `options` directive is applied.
[[top-level-agents]]
====== Top Level Agents
In top level `agents` options are invoked after entering in the agent. As example, when using `timeout` it will be only
applied to the execution within the agent.

[[stage-level-agents]]
====== Stage Agents

> In stage level `agents` options are invoked before entering the `agent` or checking any `when` conditions. In this case,

Reviewer: Sentence per line and a few minor proposed changes.
```suggestion
In `agents` declared within a stage, the options are invoked *before* entering the `agent` or checking any `when` conditions.
In this case, when using `timeout`, it is applied *before* the `agent` is allocated.
The timeout will include the agent provisioning time.
Because the timeout includes the agent provisioning time, the Pipeline may fail in cases where agent allocation is delayed.
```

| In the top-level `pipeline` block and each `stage` block.
|===

[[differences-between-top-and-stage-level]]
===== Differences between top and stage level Agents

There are some nuances when adding an agent to the top level or a stage level, and this when the `options` directive is applied.

[[top-level-agents]]
====== Top Level Agents
In `agents` declared at the outermost level of the Pipeline, the options are invoked *after* entering the agent.
As an example, when using `timeout` it will be only applied to the execution *within* the agent.

> applied to the execution within the agent.

Reviewer: Seems like an extra line that needs to be deleted
```suggestion
```

[[stage-level-agents]]
====== Stage Agents

> In `agents` declared within a stage, the options are invoked *before* entering the `agent` or checking any `when` conditions.

Reviewer: Clarify the terms of the boolean
```suggestion
In `agents` declared within a stage, the options are invoked *before* entering the `agent` and *before* checking any `when` conditions.
```

In this case, when using `timeout`, it is applied *before* the `agent` is allocated.
The timeout will include the agent provisioning time.
Because the timeout includes the agent provisioning time, the Pipeline may fail in cases where agent allocation is delayed.

> when using `timeout`, it will applied before the `agent` therefore the timeout will account for the provisioning time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `timeout`, it will applied before the `agent` therefore the timeout will account for the provisioning time.
```

> This has be bear in mind as can make the pipeline to fail if it takes time to allocate an agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This may cause the pipeline to timeout if it takes too long to allocate an agent.
```
